hi guys it's Warren here and today I'm
making the ultimate Mexican recipe and
it's for Chile beef burrito served in a
crisp tortilla and this is enough to
make four burritos we'll begin by making
the beef chili so take 1 onion cut the
ends off slice it in half and then peel
then using a sharp knife finely chop the
onion now take 2 garlic cloves peel them
and finely chop as well now place a
saucepan over a high heat on the stove
and heat some oil once it's hot place
the onion and garlic into the pan and
fry for about 5 minutes then take 400
grams of brown beef and place into the
pan and then it's time to add all spices
so add in a 1 TSP of chili powder 1
teaspoon of cumin 1 teaspoon of cinnamon
and 1 tablespoon of Oregon and then fry
the ingredients until the beef has
browned up nicely and remember you can
watch hundreds more of my cooking videos
by subscribing to my channel by clicking
on the link on-screen once the beefs
cooked then add 1 tin of chopped
tomatoes followed by good squirt of
tomato puree crumble in one a beef stock
cube and then combine the ingredients
together once everything's mixed
together top the chili up with some hot
water until the ingredients are just
covered and then it leave to simmer away
with the lid on for 20 minutes
and after 20 minutes give the chili stir
and then add 1 tin of kidney beans that
have been rinsed and washed stir the
beans in and then leave the chili to
simmer away for a further 10 minutes
with the lid off meanwhile take 1 red
pepper that's been washed then cut the
end off and remove the core and seeds
then cut the pepper into chunks and 5
minutes away from the chili being done
stir the peppers in for the remaining
cooking time and then when you're happy
the Chili's cooked and the sauce is nice
and thick removed from the heat make
your burritos by taking 4 tortilla wraps
and splitting the chili between them
then tightly wrap each tortilla up with
the chili packed into the middle then
take a large nonstick frying pan and
place on the stone
heat some oil up and then place the
burritos in the pan Brown each burrito
by carefully moving them around the pan
and was flipping regularly in order for
them to brown on all sides
remember to brown the edges and then
when lovely and golden and crisp on all
sides they're ready to serve and of
course these go great with a big dollop
of sour cream and remember you can watch
hundreds more of my cooking videos by
subscribing to my channel by clicking on
the link on-screen